1. True or false: Ross says "L is for love" in his famous "L-O-V-E" speech.
False! Ross says: "Actually, L is for life. And what is life without love?"

2. Who said, “Oh, I wish I could, but I don’t want to.”
Phoebe. The famous line was said in episode one, season one.

3. Who said it: "I mean, sure, I have my bad days, but then I remember what a cute smile I have."
Chandler, in "The One With the Ballroom Dancing" Season 4, Episode 4.

4. How many seasons of Friends are there in total?
10 seasons. The final episode of the show aired on May 6th, 2004.

5. What meaningful gift does Ross buy Rachel in the season finale?
An antique pin. Rachel had admired it months before, and Ross remembered, and purchased it for her a surprise.

6. What review was written about Monica's cooking?
A food critic upsets Monic by writing a review saying, "The mahi-mahi was awful-awful."

7. What phenomenon scares the bejesus out of Chandler?
Michael Flatley, "Lord of the Dance". Chandler explains, saying "His legs flail about as if independent from his body!"

8. Who said, “I say more dumb things before 9 a.m. than most people say all day”?
Chandler, in "The One With The Fake Party", Season 4, Episode 16

9. In the series finale, where do Chandler and Monica decide to move to start a new life with their adopted twins?
They decide to move to Westchester, outside New York City.

10. What is the name of the actress who plays Joey's agent, Estelle Leonard?
June Gable.

11. What is the name of the restaurant where Monica works as a chef for most of the series?
Alessandro's

12. In the episode "The One with Ross's Wedding," who does Ross say the wrong name to at the altar?
He says Rachel's name instead of Emily's.

13. Which actress played the role of Ross's first ex-wife, Carol?
Anita Barone (she was later replaced by Jane Sibbett)

14. In the episode "The One Where Everybody Finds Out," who moves out of their apartment?
Chandler moves out of his and Joey's apartment.

15. What is the name of Ross's second wife's stepfather?
Stephen Waltham

16. What are the names of Joey's sisters?
Gina, Mary Angela, Mary Therese, and Veronica

17. What is the name of Phoebe's husband who she marries to help him get a green card?
Duncan Sullivan

18. What was the name of the character played by Adam Goldberg, who dated Rachel and Ross's sister Amy?
Eddie Menuek

19. What is the name of the book that Joey keeps in the freezer?
Little Women

20. What stuffed animal does Joey own?
A penguin

21. What is the name of Chandler's ex-girlfriend who punches him in the face?
Kathy

22. What does Ross famously scream when trying to help his friends move a couch?
"Pivot!"

23. What is the name of Phoebe's most famous song?
"Smelly Cat"

24. What is the name of Joey's soap opera character who has a twin?
Dr. Drake Ramoray

25. What is the name of Ross and Monica's dog when they were kids?
Chi Chi

26. What name does Chandler's coworker call him?
Toby

27. What's the name of Chandler's ex-roommate who was phased out of the group?
Kip

28. How does Joey say he knows Mike when he sets Phoebe up on the blind date?
From high school

29. Which of these is NOT a feature in Phoebe's homemade dollhouse: the Aroma room, a Tootsie-Rollaway bed, the Licorice Room, or a Red Hots hot tub?
A Red Hots hot tub

30. Who said the line, "Some girl ate Monica!"?
Joey

31. Who does Rachel set Chandler up with?
Her boss, Joanna

32. How did Phoebe's brother Frank meet his wife Alice?
Frank was Alice's student

33. How does Dr. Drake Ramoray die in Days of Our Lives?
He falls down an elevator shaft

34. What does Pete aspire to become?
The Ultimate Fighting Champion

35. When Rachel and Ross are together, who is Ross threatened by?
Mark

36. Phoebe dated David the scientist until he had to move where for work?
Minsk, Belarus

37. What's the name of Mr. Tribbiani's mistress?
Ronni

38. What does Monica cook for the "stoned guy"?
Amuse-bouche

39. Who does Ross sleep with that sparked the classic phrase: "We were on a break!"?
Chloe the "copy girl"

40. When Ross goes on his first date after divorcing Carol, who does he see at Benihana?
Carol and Susan

41. What does Rachel's ex-fiancé Barry do for a living?
He is an orthodontist.

42. What does Phoebe get sick with when she is supposed to see Ryan (played by Charlie Sheen)?
Chickenpox

43. What is Joey's agent's name?
Estelle

44. When does supermodel Jill Goodacre offer Chandler when they are stuck in a ATM vestibule?
Gum

45. What dessert does Rachel make on Thanksgiving that turns out totally disgusting?
A trifle

46. What's the name of the animal control woman who went to high school with Monica and Rachel?
Luisa

47. Who said, “I have no idea what’s going on, but I am excited”?
Chandler

48. What does Rachel claim is her favorite movie?
Rachel claims Dangerous Liaisons is her fave movie...

49. And what is her actual favorite movie?
...but it's actually Weekend at Bernie's.

50. Chandler told Janice he was moving where to avoid her?
Yemen

51. Which of the following was NOT a con on Ross's infamous list about Rachel: spoiled, shops too much, kind of ditzy, too into her looks?
Shops too much

52. In the trivia game among the friends, what does Rachel think Chandler's job is?
A transponster

53. What game show is Joey a contestant on?
Pyramid

54. Why do Joey and Janine break up?
She doesn't like Monica and Chandler.

55. What's the name of the diner where Monica briefly worked?
The Moondance Diner

56. How many categories of towels does Monica have?
11

57. Which character is Phoebe's delivery room doctor obsessed with?
Fonzie

58. What was supposed to be the shape of Emma's first birthday cake?
A bunny

59. Who helps Chandler shop for Monica's engagement ring?
Phoebe

60. Which apartment inconvenience happens first: Phoebe and Rachel's apartment burning down or Ross having to move out of his favorite apartment because Emily didn't want to be anywhere Rachel has been?
Ross has to move out of his apartment first.

61. What's the name of the bakery that made the cheesecake Chandler and Rachel devour?
Mama's Little Bakery

62. Which of Joey's sisters punches Chandler?
Cookie

63. What is the inappropriate song Ross sings to Emma?
"Baby Got Back"

64. Who speaks the last line in the entire series?
Chandler

65. What is the name of Chandler's married girlfriend?
Aurora

66. Monica’s apartment number was originally 5. What number was it later changed to for the rest of the series?
20

67. Who is older: Ross or Monica?
Ross

68. In "The One Where No One's Ready," what does Phoebe spill on her dress?
Hummus

69. Chandler couldn't remember which of Joey's sisters he kissed — can you?
Mary-Angela

70. In what fashion does Monica eat her Tic Tacs?
In even numbers

71. Does Ross get his tan done before or after he gets his teeth done?
After

72. Which Sprouse brother played Ross's son, Ben: Dylan or Cole?
Cole

73. Who said, "From now on, the only person who's going to enjoy these bad boys is me"?
Ross

74. Who has a turkey on their head first: Joey or Monica?
Joey

75. Monica couldn't tell time until what age?
13

76. What is the name of Chandler's ex-girlfriend from camp who tells Monica "good luck"?
Julie Graff

77. What was engraved on the bracelet that Joey gave Chandler?
"To my best bud."

78. What is Monica's biggest pet peeve?
Animals dressed as humans

79. Who said, “We are dessert stealers; we are living outside the law”?
Rachel

80. Why does Chandler end up in the hospital while babysitting the triplets?
He swallows a toy.

81. What's the name of Phoebe's very enthusiastic date, played by Alec Baldwin?
Parker

82. Why is Joey's character, Dr. Drake Ramoray, killed off on Days of Our Lives?
Joey stated that he wrote his own lines in an interview.

83. How long is the letter Rachel writes Ross at the beach house?
18 pages, front and back

84. What are the names of Emily's parents?
Stephen and Andrea Waltham

85. What was the name of Ross and Chandler's college band?
Way, No Way

86. What is the name of Joey's Cabbage Patch Kid?
Alicia May Emory

87. Finish Phoebe's song lyric: "New York City has no power / And the milk is getting sour / But to me, it is not scary..."
"'Cause I stay away from dairy"

88. Does Monica keep Glynnis or Gladys?
Glynnis

89. Which of these Ross divorces happens first: Emily or Rachel?
Emily

90. Who said, "So it seems like this internet thing is here to stay, huh?"
Chandler

91. Which letter encyclopedia volume does Joey buy?
V

92. What are the made-up names of the guitar chords Phoebe tries to teach to Joey?
Bear Claw, Turkey Leg, and Old Lady

93. Who said, "You didn't sit on my Kit Kats, did you?"
Monica

94. What's the name of the prize Ross and Monica fight over while playing football?
The Geller Cup

95. Which wedding gift made Rachel walk out on her wedding to Barry?
A gravy boat

96. Does Joey get nominated for a Soapie Award before or after Ross presents the conference in Barbados?
Before

97. How many years does Joey say he will punish Chandler for kissing Kathy?
Five years

98. What is the name of Ross and Monica's dead grandmother?
Nana Althea

99. Where does Ross become a college professor?
NYU

100. Which item left at the hotel signals to Joey that Chandler and Monica are dating?
Monica's eyelash curler

101. Which character's death happens first: Mr. Heckles or Ross and Monica's grandmother?
Ross and Monica's grandmother

102. What was the name of Rachel's prom date?
Chip

103. Which is NOT a category in the trivia game Ross creates about his friends: "Literature," "Social Studies," "It's All Relative," or "Ancient History"?
Social Studies

104. Where is Rachel's first fashion job?
Fortunata Fashions

105. Does the episode where Phoebe thinks her mother's spirit is inside a cat come before or after Phoebe smuggles a dog into Monica and Chandler's apartment?
Before

106. Why does Phoebe blow off plans with Joey?
Her ex David is back in town.

107. Which state does Ross accidentally list twice when trying to name all 50?
Nevada

108. What is Joey's favorite food?
Sandwiches

109. Which of these was NOT a memento Rachel kept from her relationship with Ross?
A juice box

110. What was Rachel's New Year's resolution?
To stop gossiping

111. Does the made-up "cups" game come before or after the game that results in the girls having to swap apartments with the boys?
After

112. What did Rachel's dad call her to her sister Jill?
The one daughter he's actually proud of

113. What are the names of Ross and Monica's parents?
Jack and Judy

114. How do Rachel and Monica win their apartment back from Joey and Chandler?
They kiss for one minute.

115. Between Chandler and Joey, who confesses their feelings for another friend first: Joey to Rachel or Chandler to Monica?
Chandler to Monica

116. In the pilot episode, Rachel says that her whole life, people have always told her she is what?
A shoe

117. Of all six friends during the show's run, who never owned a pet?
Monica. Chandler and Joey owned a duck and a chick, Phoebe owned a cat that she believed was her mother, Ross owned a monkey, and Rachel owned a hairless cat.


118. How many steps does Joey tell Chandler it takes to get from their apartment to Central Perk?
97

119. After Phoebe misses out on the London trip, where does the group try to plan a trip to?
Atlantic City

120. Who said, "You're over me? When were you...under me?"
Ross

121. What accent does Ross fake in front of his students at his new job?
British

122. What is the "truth about London" that Monica reveals?
She was originally looking for Joey.

123. What is Ross's monkey's name?
Marcel

124. What song does Monica sing at karaoke after "Delta Dawn"?
"I'm So Excited"

125. Does Joey appear on the game show Pyramid before or after he stars in the TV show Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.?
After

126. How old was Chandler when he first touched a girl's breast?
19

127. What's the name of the main character in Rachel's "dirty" book?
Zelda

128. Which of these was NOT one of Rachel's suggestions for a baby name: James, Willow, Rain, or Sandrine?
Willow

129. What is the name of Chandler's father's all-male burlesque show?
Viva Las Gaygas

130. What was the first word Emma said to Rachel?
Gleba

131. Who was the last to find out about Monica and Chandler?
Ross

132. What is the profession of Joey's imaginary friend?
Space cowboy

133. What does Joey think is in Monica's secret closet?
Richard

134. What does Rachel have a fear of?
Swings

135. Who said, “Welcome to the real world. It sucks. You’re gonna love it.”
Monica

136. What's significant about the cat that Phoebe finds?
She believes it's the spirit of her mother.

137. What is Chandler's mother's name?
Nora

138. What store does Phoebe hate?
Pottery Barn

139. Does Chandler spend Thanksgiving in a box before or after the Thanksgiving episode with Brad Pitt?
Before

140. What name appears on the address label for Chandler and Joey's TV Guide?
Miss Chanandler Bong

141. In which season were Ross and Rachel "on a break"?
Season 3

142. Who said, “Just so you know, it’s not that common, it doesn’t happen to every guy, and it is a big deal!”
Rachel

143. What is Russ's job?
Periodontist

144. Which pet or pets were on the show first: the chick and the duck or Marcel?
Marcel

145. How much money does Chandler ask to borrow from Joey?
$2,000

146. What was Science Boy's superpower?
A superhuman thirst for knowledge

147. Which of these couples gets married first: Mike and Phoebe or Monica and Chandler?
Monica and Chandler

148. What is Chandler's middle name?
Muriel

149. How many roses does Ross send Emily?
72

150. What does Phoebe decide to name Frank Jr.'s third child?
Chandler

151. What did Phoebe find in her soda can?
A thumb

152. Is the "Holiday Armadillo" Christmas episode before or after the Christmas episode where Ross dates a girl from Poughkeepsie?
After

153. Which trip happens first: the Vegas trip or the England trip?
England trip

154. What is Joey's stuffed penguin's name?
Hugsy

155. What is Richard's daughter's name?
Michelle

156. What book does Joey read while Rachel reads The Shining?
Little Women

157. Who said, “Come on, Ross, you’re a paleontologist; dig a little deeper”?
Phoebe

158. What's the name of the poem that Monica's brief love interest Julio wrote about her?
"The Empty Vase"

159. Does Joey pretend to own a Porsche before or after Monica is given the Porsche by her dad?
Before

160. Which of Phoebe's biological parents does she meet first: her mom or her dad?
Her mom

161. How many sisters does Joey have?
Seven

162. Which friend quits their job first: Rachel or Chandler?
Rachel

163. What color is Monica's apartment?
Purple

164. Do we find out about Ross's ~thing~ before or after Monica tells everybody about Chandler's third nipple?
After

165. Does Monica begin dating Pete before or after she starts dating Richard?
After

166. What is Rachel's daughter's name?
Emma

167. What are the only things Monica lets Phoebe handle for Rachel's birthday party?
Cups and ice

168. Which friend gets their "dream job" first: Joey getting the role of Dr. Drake Ramoray or Rachel getting hired at Ralph Lauren?
Joey gets his "dream job" first.

169. What is the name of Phoebe's twin sister?
Ursula

170. Which famous actor was Joey the "butt double" for?
Al Pacino

171. Which couple breaks up first: Rachel and Ross or Monica and Richard?
Monica and Richard

172. What fruit is Ross allergic to?
Kiwi

173. When Phoebe has all of the friends sing "Smelly Cat," who DOESN'T get a solo?
Ross

174. What name does Jack Geller accidentally call Chandler?
Chauncey

175. Why do Phoebe and Mike break up?
He says he never wants to get married again.

176. How many times was Ross divorced?
Three

177. Who is the maid of honor at Monica's wedding?
Rachel

178. What are the names of Rachel's sisters?
Jill and Amy

179. In Season 6, what did Monica get Chandler for Christmas?
A water purifier

180. Who ends up keeping Chick Jr. and Duck Jr.?
Joey

181. Who was Monica's first kiss?
Her brother, Ross (it was obviously a misunderstanding).

182. Who is the youngest friend?
Rachel

183. Which friend's parents got divorced when they were a kid?
Chandler

184. How much money does Phoebe get after finding a thumb in her soda?
$7,000

185. Which of these Monica love interests is NOT in Season 1: Paul the wine guy, Richard Burke, Fun Bobby, or Alan?
Richard Burke. He first appears in Season 2.

186. Which actor's haircut does Monica want?
Demi Moore

187. When Phoebe legally changes her name to Princess Consuela Bananahammock, what name does she want her friends to call her?
Valerie

188. Which friend gives birth first: Phoebe or Rachel?
Phoebe

189. What is NOT a word that Joey uses to describe Chandler and Monica's love in his wedding ceremony speech: "holding," "having," "giving," or "receiving"?
"Holding" is NOT a part of the speech.

190. Who said, “What’s not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Good.”
Joey

191. What part of Monica's body does she get a pencil stuck in?
Her ear

192. After Joey forgets to find a blind date for Phoebe, how does he end up finding Mike Hannigan?
He shouts "Mike!" in Central Perk and Mike Hannigan replies.

193. Chandler speaks the last word of the whole series. What is it?
"Where?"